LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Jaden: SO THIS IS
WHERE YUGI GREW UP.
WHAT TO DO FIRST.
HELLO?
THAT YOU, YUGI?
YOU'RE YUGI'S GRANDPA!
WHY DON'T YOU BOYS
LET ME TAKE YOU ON
A TOUR OF THE TOWN?
RIGHT BEHIND YOU. OHH.
NOT AGAIN!
Syrus: YOU UP HERE?
Hassleberry: GRANDPA?
NOW WHAT DO
WE DO?
WE'VE GOT
COMPANY, PRIVATE.
Syrus: WHO ARE YOU?
YOU CAN CALL ME FROST.
YEAH, AND I'M
THUNDER.
YOU GUYS ARE
COMING WITH US!
IF YOU DON'T,
THEN YOU BOYS
WILL BE TAKING
A ONE-WAY TRIP
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
THERE'S NO SUCH THING!
Together: TIME TO FIND OUT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
SARTORIUS SENT ME
HERE TO GET YOU.
THE NAME'S CHAZZ PRINCETON.
BUT YOU CAN CALL
ME THE CHAZZ.
AND I'M SARINA.
WELCOME TO KAIBA CORP.
GREETINGS.
I TAKE IT
YOU'RE SARTORIUS.
NICE OUTFIT.
THANK YOU FOR SEEING ME.
I KNOW YOU'RE
A BUSY MAN, MR. KAIBA.
IT'S AN HONOR.
LET'S CUT TO THE CHASE.
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
I UNDERSTAND YOU LEAD
A POWERFUL ORGANIZATION.
AND I MUST SAY
THAT INTRIGUES ME.
BUT WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM MY COMPANY?
EVERYTHING I'VE HEARD
ABOUT YOU IS TRUE.
NOT ONLY HAVEN'T
YOU AGED IN YEARS,
BUT YOU'RE AS SHREWD AS
THE DAY YOU STEPPED IN.
NOW THEN, WE'RE
BOTH MEN OF BUSINESS.
AND SO I HAVE
A PROPOSAL FOR YOU.
AND TRUST ME, MR. KAIBA,
I HAVE THE
MEANS TO MAKE IT
WORTH YOUR WHILE.
HEH HEH.
ALL I ASK IS FOR
THE EXCLUSIVE USE
OF YOUR KAIBA LAND
AMUSEMENT PARK.
THAT CAN BE ARRANGED
FOR THE RIGHT PRICE,
OF COURSE.
YOU WON'T BE
DISAPPOINTED.
AND THANK YOU SO
MUCH FOR YOUR TIME.
GOOD DAY, SIR.
KEEP AN EYE ON THAT GUY
AND FIND OUT WHAT HE'S UP TO.
WE'RE WAITING FOR
YOUR COMMAND, SIR.
SHALL WE PROCEED?
YES. MOVE FORWARD
AS PLANNED.
I'M READY TO TEST
JADEN.
MR. MUTO?
(MUTO GROANS)
OH. THERE YOU ARE!
(GROANING)
MOMMY, I DON'T
LIKE BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
NO MORE, PLEASE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU MR. MUTO?
TWO YOUNG LADS ATTACKED
ME AND STOLE MY BANDANA!
I'M HAVING
A BAD HAIR DAY.
JADEN?
HMM?
HEY, BRO. GRANDPA,
THIS IS MY GOOD FRIEND
ASTER PHOENIX.
I KNOW.
I FOLLOW
PROFESSIONAL
DUELING.
I'M A BIG FAN.
WHO KNEW I HAD
SUCH OLD FANS?
LIKE WHO?
UH, ANYWAY, SOMETHING
WEIRD IS GOING DOWN.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
EITHER THOSE ARE MONSTERS
OR I'M GOIN' NUTS!
THERE ARE FOUR OF 'EM.
AND IT SEEMS LIKE
THEY'RE STANDING
GUARD OR SOMETHING.
AND THEY'RE NOT HOLOGRAMS.
SOMEHOW I CAN SENSE
THAT THEY'RE REAL.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEY ARE REAL!
BUT SINCE WHEN CAN YOU
SEE MONSTER SPIRITS?
SPIRITS?!
WAIT A SEC. IS THAT
A DUEL UP THERE?
WHERE?
Aster: THERE.
ON THAT BUILDING!
ISN'T THAT BLACK TYRANNO?
HOLD ON!
THAT MEANS
HASSLEBERRY'S DUELING!
YEAH, BUT WHO'S
HE FACING?
AND MORE
IMPORTANTLY WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT I'M GONNA FIND OUT!
I'M CONFUSED.
BUT, HEY, WHAT
ELSE IS NEW.
Muto: WHY ARE
WE ALWAYS RUNNING?
QUIT STEALIN'
MY THUNDER!
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
ON THE SAME TEAM!
DUDE! YOU GOTTA
LEARN TO CHILL!
I'M JUST TRYIN'
TO HAVE ME A GOOD TIME,
YO, SO STEP OFF!
BESIDES I CAN PUT
THE FREEZE ON THESE
CHUMPS WITHOUT YOU!
Thunder: YOU
WISH, FROSTY!
I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN THE POWER
BEHIND
THIS OPERATION
AND YOU KNOW IT!
WHAT?
LET'S SEE WHO BEATS
THEIR OPPONENT FIRST!
WHAT DO YA SAY,
THUNDER KID?
YOU'RE ON, SNOWBALL!
I'LL TELL YA WHAT. LET US
GO AND YOU GUYS CAN DUEL!
NO JOKE!
FOR REAL!
I'M SICK OF
HEARING YOU TWO!
HEY, GET A LOAD
OF THIS, BRO!
THE LITTLE SQUEAKY
ONE OVER HERE'S
GOT AN ATTITUDE!
THESE PREP SCHOOL
PUNKS ARE ALL THE SAME.
THEY THINK THEY'RE
THE HOTTEST THING
SINCE JALAPENOS
TILL SOMEONE
COOLS 'EM DOWN.
NOT QUITE!
OH, YEAH? THEN
WHY DON'T YOU PUT
YOUR CARDS
WHERE YOUR MOUTH
IS, SERGEANT!
'CAUSE I GOTTA SAY,
BOYS, SO FAR
I'M NOT IMPRESSED!
(GROANS)
WHAT'S WRONG? I
HURT YOUR FEELINGS?
JUST WATCH AND LEARN!
I SUMMON GYROID
IN DEFENSE MODE.
IS THAT THE BEST
YOU CAN DO, SOLDIER?
WHAT'S YOUR STRATEGY?
I HAVE NO IDEA,
BUT I BETTER THINK
OF SOMETHING
AND DO IT FAST!
HEY, BOYS, IS IT
ME, OR IS THERE
A CHILL IN THE AIR?
I'LL TOSS THIS FACEDOWN.
NOW, LOOK OUT!
'CAUSE I SWITCHED MOBIUS
TO ATTACK MODE!
MOBIUS, REPRESENT!
TAKE OUT HIS DINO
WITH ICE LANCE!
(YELLING)
COMBAT TIME! READY!
NICE.
I ACTIVATE MY CARD
OF REVERSAL SPELL!
I DON'T MEAN TO
BRAG OR NOTHING,
BUT THIS IS ONE HECK
OF A CARD, FELLAS!
NOW, FOR EACH FACE UP CARD
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER NEW CARD!
AND I COUNT FOUR!
ATTENTION, TROOPS,
THIS IS YOUR SERGEANT!
ELEMENT SAURUS,
REPORT FOR DUTY!
HE'S KIND OF WEAK.
HEY, AT EASE!
I'M AN EXPERT
STRATEGIST, SOLDIER.
I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING.
MAD PROPS FOR
THE SELF-CONFIDENCE,
BUT THE LITTLE GEEK
IS RIGHT.
DINOS AND ICE
JUST DON'T MIX.
SORRY, TOUGH GUY.
BUT THERE'S A REASON THOSE
THINGS BECAME EXTINCT!
MY MAN MOBIUS, ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL EFFECT!
CUT HIS LIZARD
DOWN TO SIZE!
CHECK THIS.
MY MOBIUS IS SO DOPE...
HE EVEN HAS HIS
OWN TRAP CARD!
IT'S CALLED MOBIUS
GLACIER. AND AS LONG
AS IT'S ON THE FIELD,
YOUR PREHISTORIC
PIPSQUEAKS ARE
FROZEN IN PLACE!
WELL, FINE.
I'LL TOSS THESE DOWN.
ARE YOU DONE?
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE CALLING IT
A TURN ALREADY!
Thunder: HEY, TWERP!
YOU SHOULD BE
WORRYING
ABOUT WHAT'S
IN FRONT OF YA,
NOT WHAT'S GOIN'
ON BEHIND YA!
'CAUSE THE FACT IS,
YOUR MACHINE DECK
IS POWERLESS
AGAINST MINE.
BUT ENOUGH TALK.
JUST HAVE A LOOK.
I PLAY SYSTEM DOWN!
IT REMOVES ALL
MACHINE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
FROM THE GAME!
SO NO MORE PLAYING
WITH YOUR LITTLE
TOY AIRPLANES!
IT COST ME
A GRAND,
BUT BELIEVE ME,
IT'S WELL WORTH
THE PRICE!
AND NOW ZABORG CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
HERE GOES!
ROLLING THUNDER!
AAH!
TRUESDALE,
YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, YEAH. I'VE
NEVER FELT BETTER.
Thunder: IF YOU
LIKED THAT,
YOU'RE GONNA
LOVE THIS!
MY RAMPAGE
CONDENSER!
NOW, IF THERE'S
A THUNDER-TYPE
MONSTER
ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD
AND YOU'RE DUMB ENOUGH
TO ATTACK ME WITH
A MACHINE CARD,
THEN YOU LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE NOT
DOIN' MUCH BETTER THAN ME.
GEE, THANKS!
WAY TO LOOK ON
THE BRIGHT SIDE!
YOU TWO
ARE PATHETIC.
BUT, HEY, THAT'S
WHY YOU'RE JUST BAIT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY "BAIT?"
WHAT DO YA THINK?
THE ONLY REASON
WE'RE DUELING YOU POSERS
IS BECAUSE WE
WANT YOUR FRIEND!
SEE, WE'RE GONNA
TAKE YOU WITH US.
THEN WE'RE GONNA USE
YOU TO LURE JADEN
STRAIGHT TO SARTORIUS!
GUESS AGAIN!
YOU'LL NEVER GET YOUR
HANDS ON OUR PAL!
REALLY?
I DISAGREE.
JUST TAKE A LOOK
AROUND.
YOU PUNKS ARE GETTIN'
SCHOOLED LEFT AND RIGHT!
IT'S HOPELESS!
THIS MEANS WAR.
RIGHT ON, SARGE.
10-4.
YOU AND I ARE GONNA
HAVE TO PUT OUR
DIFFERENCES ASIDE.
TO SAVE JADEN.
FROM HERE ON IN, I'VE
GOT YOUR BACK, BRO.
JUST PROMISE ME
YOU'VE GOT MINE, TOO.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
SO, SOLDIER?
ARE YOU READY FOR
SOME SERIOUS COMBAT?
YES, SIR!
LET'S DO THIS!
NOW COMMENCING
OPERATION:
PROTECT JADEN.
GOOD LUCK, PRIVATE!
YOU READY, BOYS?
MY MOVE!
I PLAY
STEALTHROID!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD...
TRAINING FIELD!
WAIT. YOU'RE
KIDDING, RIGHT?
YOU MUST BE!
ARE YOU ACTUALLY
PLANNING
TO ATTACK NOW?
THAT'S RIGHT.
HOW UNFORTUNATE!
IT'S TIME TO
FIND OUT WHY THEY
CALL ME THUNDER!
ONCE YOU ATTACK ME,
YOU LOSE.
JUST LIKE
A THUNDERSTORM,
I LEAVE A PATH
OF DESTRUCTION
WHEREVER I GO.
I'VE GOT A SURPRISE
FOR YOU.
I NEVER SAID THE TARGET
OF MY ATTACK WOULD BE YOU!
HUH?
SURPRISE,
THUNDER!
I'M ATTACKING
ELEMENT SAURUS!
BUT WHY?
THANKS TO
MY TRAINING FIELD,
I HAVE THE ABILITY TO ATTACK
MY OPPONENT'S MONSTER.
AND THE BEST PART IS,
IT DOESN'T GET DESTROYED!
STEALTHROID, ATTACK!
HA HA HA!
YOU REALLY
ARE PATHETIC!
ATTACKING YOUR
OWN TEAMMATE?
HOLD ON.
I'M NOT DONE!
STEALTHROID'S GOT
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
AFTER IT ATTACKS,
I HAVE THE POWER
TO DESTROY ANY CARD
ON THE FIELD,
ANY CARD I WANT!
SO, MOBIUS GLACIER,
YOU'RE OUT!
NO WAY!
Syrus: SO HASSLEBERRY'S
MONSTER IS FREE!
THERE'S MORE!
THANKS TO TRAINING
FIELD'S OTHER EFFECT,
MY STEALTHROID GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS!
IMPRESSIVE MANEUVER!
NOW CHEW ON THIS,
SON!
IT'S CALLED:
COUNTERATTACK!
YA SEE, THE FIRST RULE
OF COMBAT IS THIS!
WHEN YOUR TROOPS ARE ATTACKED,
ALWAYS COUNTERATTACK!
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT THIS HERE
TRAP CARD LETS ME DO!
GET IT?
NOW MY ELEMENT SAURUS
CAN STRIKE BACK
BY ATTACKING STEALTHROID!
NO WAY!
'FRAID SO! FIRE AWAY, BOY!
ALL RIGHT. YOU KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
TO START, STEALTHROID'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
SO THAT MEANS YOUR
CONDENSER SPELL'S
OUT OF HERE!
GOOD WORK!
NOW ELEMENT SAURUS'
ATTACK POINTS GO UP!
TALK ABOUT A NICE COMEBACK!
THAT'S NUTS!
THEY'RE ATTACKING
EACH OTHER!
YO, BUT SOMEHOW IT'S
ACTUALLY MAKIN'
THEM STRONGER!
BUT THAT'S
IMPOSSIBLE TO PULL OFF.
EITHER THESE GUYS ARE
THE ULTIMATE TAG-TEAM,
OR YOU AND I ARE
GETTING' PLAYED, BRO.
YO, CHECK OUT
OUR REFLECTORS!
OH, SNAP!
THESE NO-GOOD PUNKS
CAN TOTALLY SEE
EACH OTHER'S CARDS!
THEY'RE CHEATING!
(NERVOUS LAUGHTER)
WELL, WOULD YA
LOOK AT THAT?
Syrus: UH, I'LL LAY
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN!
AND THAT'S ALL SHE WROTE.
IT'S PAYBACK TIME!
I'M GONNA PUT YOU
ON ICE, YO! READY?
TAKE THIS!
MOBIUS, ATTACK!
ICE LANCE!
HEH HEH.
ICE ICE BABY.
HOLD THAT THOUGHT!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
DARK COMPUTER VIRUS,
WHICH SENDS
MY STEALTHROID
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND THANKS TO MY SACRIFICE,
I CAN USE ONE OF YOUR SPELLS!
SO I ACTIVATE SIDE ATTACK,
WHICH MEANS OUR TEAM'S
OPPONENTS SWITCH!
OH, NO!
'FRAID SO!
AND NOW HASSLEBERRY
GETS HIS DINOSAUR BACK!
SORRY, ICE MAN!
BUT THIS TIME, I
FLIPPED THE SCRIPT!
TAKE IT AWAY,
ELEMENT SAURUS!
AW. PLEASE.
I'LL TURN HIM INTO
A PREHISTORIC POPSICLE.
GO, ICE LANCE!
I'M FORTIFIED
WITH THIS!
MY JURASSIC IMPACT
TRAP CARD!
ALL RIGHT, TROOPS,
LISTEN UP!
SINCE I HAVE FEWER ATTACK
POINTS THAN THE ENEMY,
EVERY MONSTER ON
THE FIELD'S DESTROYED!
AND FOR EACH MONSTER
THAT GETS DISMISSED,
THE COMMANDER OF
THAT MONSTER LOSES
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
OH, MAN!
STORM THE BATTLEFIELD!
AAH!
WHAT'S THE DEAL, MAN?
HOW DID YOU GET ALL
THOSE EXTRA LIFE POINTS?
IT'S A PREP
SCHOOL TRICK.
WHEN MY FRIEND OVER HERE
USED JURASSIC IMPACT,
I DECIDED
TO ACTIVATE A LITTLE
TRAP CARD OF MY OWN.
IT'S CALLED
RING OF LIFE!
AND TO USE IT,
I HAD TO DESTROY
A MONSTER ON THE FIELD.
REMEMBER ELEMENT SAURUS?
SURPRISE!
I WAS THE ONE WHO
TOOK HIM OUT, NOT YOU!
AND THANKS TO THIS,
THE DESTROYED MONSTERS'
DEFENSE POINTS
WERE AUTOMATICALLY ADDED
TO OUR LIFE POINTS!
SMOOTH. THAT'S HOW
WE DO IT.
Hassleberry: AND ONE
MORE THING, GENTS.
ONCE MY JURASSIC IMPACT
CLEARS THE FIELD,
EACH PLAYER HAS
TO GO ONE FULL TURN
WITHOUT SO MUCH AS
SUMMONING A SINGLE MONSTER!
ALL RIGHT, SY.
THIS IS OUR CHANCE!
THIS IS LAME!
SINCE WE CAN'T
SUMMON ANY MONSTERS,
I'LL THROW
THESE DOWN.
I'M UP NOW.
PASS.
FIGURES.
WELL, I LAY
THIS FACEDOWN
AND GIVE YOU A SHOT.
Hassleberry:
WELL, LOOKIE HERE.
THE FIELD'S BACK.
SO THAT MEANS I CAN GET
THIS BATTLE GOING AGAIN
BY SUMMONING SOME TROOPS!
HERE WE GO!
I'LL START WITH
ULTRA EVOLUTION!
PHASE ONE!
I REMOVE DYNABASE,
AND I ALSO REMOVE
MY BLACK TYRANNO!
PHASE TWO!
I PLAY A NEW DINO
FROM MY DECK!
NOW WHO WILL IT BE?
I KNOW!
SUPER CONDUCTOR
TYRANNO!
AW, COME ON!
3,300 POINTS?
AND YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY MONSTERS, DO YA?
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS!
I CAN ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
JUST WHAT I NEEDED.
SO I CAN PLAY THIS...
MY LIGHTNING
TALISMAN TRAP CARD!
AND IT NEGATES
YOUR ATTACK!
IT DOES?
YEAH BUT THAT'S
JUST THE CALM BEFORE
THE STORM, PAL,
'CAUSE ALL THREE OF
YOU NEED TO DRAW NOW
AND THEN YOU EACH
LOSE 400 POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD
IN YOUR HAND!
SAM HILL!
AW, MAN!
WHAT?
(ALL SCREAM)
THERE'S MORE!
Thunder, thinking:
IT'S THE CARD
SARINA GAVE ME!
IF I PLAYED
THIS BAD BOY,
I'D WIN THE DUEL IN,
LIKE, TWO SECONDS!
THE ONLY PROBLEM IS,
USING ITS EFFECT
WOULD WIPE OUT
MY LIFE POINTS!
ALL RIGHT.
I ACTIVATE MONSTER
REINCARNATION!
SO I TOSS A CARD
INTO MY GRAVEYARD
TO BRING BACK
MY THUNDER KNIGHT
IN DEFENSE MODE!
BUT I'LL SAVE
THE REAL DEVASTATION
FOR MY NEXT TURN!
WE'LL SEE!
Syrus, thinking:
JUST WHAT I NEEDED!
ICE FACE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY MONSTERS IN PLAY,
SO I CAN END
THIS RIGHT NOW!
Syrus: OK.
I ACTIVATE BURIAL FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION!
NOW THE TWO MONSTERS
YOU REMOVED FROM THE GAME
COME BACK TO MY GRAVEYARD!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!
NEXT I SUMMON EXPRESSROID
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW THAT I'VE GOT
EXPRESSROID IN PLAY,
I CAN PICK TWO CARDS
FROM MY GRAVE.
AND BRING 'EM BACK
TO MY HAND!
AND I CHOOSE STEALTHROID
AND TRUCKROID!
THEN I'LL PLAY MY
VEHICROID CONNECTION
ZONE SPELL!
NOW I CAN FUSE MY FOUR
VEHICROIDS TOGETHER
TO FORM A NEW ONE!
READY, BOYS?!
EXPRESSROID, STEALTHROID,
DRILLOID, AND TRUCKROID!
IT'S FUSION TIME!
SO, MERGE TO BECOME
SUPER VEHICROID STEALTH UNION!
THAT'S A WHOLE
LOT OF POINTS, YO!
I'M NOT DONE,
'CAUSE MY NEW FRIEND HAS
AN AWESOME SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND IT GOES LIKE THIS!
I CAN CHOOSE ANY OTHER
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
AND FUSE IT TOGETHER
WITH MY SUPER VEHICROID!
HEY, SARGE!
MIND IF I BORROW
YOUR SUPER CONDUCTOR
TYRANNO FOR A SEC?
IT'S FOR A GOOD CAUSE.
SOLDIER, HE'S YOURS!
THE ULTIMATE
DINOSAUR JOINS UP
WITH THE ULTIMATE
MACHINE!
Syrus: THAT'S RIGHT!
SO CHECK OUT
SUPER VEHICROID REX UNION!
IF YOU THINK HE LOOKS COOL,
WAIT TILL YOU SEE HIS MOVES,
'CAUSE THIS GUY'S GOT ALL
THE STRENGTH OF A DINOSAUR
AND THE BRAINS OF A MACHINE!
PLUS, HE CAN ATTACK
MORE THAN ONCE!
THAT AIN'T COOL!
THAT AIN'T
COOL!
ALL RIGHT, BOYS.
YOU READY FOR THIS?
ATTACK!
ALL RIGHT. IF I DON'T
ACT QUICKLY, I'M
GONNA LOSE THIS DUEL!
I'LL ACTIVATE
MIRROR OF DUALITY!
EASY! THAT'S
A PRETTY EXTREME CARD
TO THROW DOWN.
(FROST CHUCKLES)
YOU KNOW ME,
THUNDER!
"EXTREME" IS
MY MIDDLE NAME!
THIS IS GONNA COST ME
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
BUT THEN EVERY MONSTER ON
THE FIELD GETS DESTROYED!
AND THE OWNER OF
THAT MONSTER LOSES
FIVE HUNDRED POINTS!
AAH!
WHAT'S THE DEAL, MAN?
HA HA!
SORRY, THUNDER!
BUT I HEARD THERE WAS
A COLD FRONT MOVING IN!
AND YOU ALL GOT CAUGHT
IN THE CROSSWIND!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
LOOK!
YEAH. IT SEEMS LIKE
THAT STORM SUDDENLY
CLEARED UP.
Frost: WRONG. IT'S
JUST GETTING STARTED!
WHAT UP, BOYS?
WHO ARE YOU?
CHILL OUT. YOU CAN
CALL ME FROST.
YOU GUYS LOOK LOST.
CAN I HELP?
MAYBE.
OUR FRIENDS
WERE HERE.
HAVE YOU
SEEN 'EM?
YOU DON'T THINK...
(CHUCKLES SINISTERLY)
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHERE THEY ARE!
AND RIGHT NOW,
YOU'RE GETTING COLDER.
THINK
HIGHER ALTITUDE.
TELL US!
(LAUGHING)
HE'S GONE.
WHAT ARE WE
DEALING WITH HERE?
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪